``` 

GETTING AND CLEANING DATA COURSERA COURSE DATA DICTIONARY -
COURSE PROJECT

SubjectID 		2 
	Identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment
					1..30 .Unique identifier assigned to subject

Activity 18 Activity identification WALKING .Walking activity
WALKING\_UPSTAIRS .Walking upstairs activity WALKING\_DOWNSTAIRS
.Walking downstairs activity SITTING .Sitting activity STANDING
.Standing activity LAYING .Laying activity

tBodyAccMean-X 17 Mean value of X axis for body linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) 0.2216..0.3015 .Numeric
value

tBodyAccMean-Y 19 Mean value of Y axis for body linear acceleration
derived in time (16 implied decimal places) -0.040514..-0.001308
.Numeric value

tBodyAccMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis for body linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.15251..-0.07538 .Numeric
value

tBodyAccStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis body linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9961..0.6269 .Numeric
value

tBodyAccStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis body linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.99024..0.61694 .Numeric
value

tBodyAccStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis body linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9877..0.6090 .Numeric
value

tGravityAccMean-X 18 Mean value of X axis gravity linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.6800..0.9745 .Numeric
value

tGravityAccMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis gravity linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.47989..0.95659 .Numeric
value

tGravityAccMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis gravity linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.49509..0.95787 .Numeric
value

tGravityAccStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis gravity linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9968..-0.8296 .Numeric
value

tGravityAccStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis gravity linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9942..-0.6436 .Numeric
value

tGravityAccStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis gravity linear acceleration
derived in time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9910..-0.6102 .Numeric
value

tBodyAccJerkMean-X 17 Mean value of X axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
0.04269..0.13019 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.0386872..0.0568186 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.067458..0.038053 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9946..0.5443 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9895..0.3553 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.99329..0.03102 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroMean-X 18 Mean value of X axis body gyroscope derived in time
(15 implied decimal places) -0.20578..0.19270 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis body gyroscope derived in time
(15 implied decimal places) -0.20421..0.02747 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroMean-Z 18 Mean value of Y axis body gyroscope derived in time
(15 implied decimal places) -0.07245..0.17910 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis body gyroscope derived in
time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9943..0.2677 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis body gyroscope derived in
time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9942..0.4765 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis body gyroscope derived in
time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9855..0.5649 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkMean-X 18 Mean value of X axis Jerk signals obtained from
body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.15721..-0.02209 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis Jerk signals obtained from
body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.07681..-0.01320 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis Jerk signals obtained from
body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.092500..-0.006941 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis Jerk signals obtained
from body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9965..0.1791 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis Jerk signals obtained
from body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9971..0.2959 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis Jerk signals obtained
from body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9954..0.1932 .Numeric value

tBodyAccMagMean 18 Mean value of body linear acceleration magnitude
calculated using the Euclidean norm derived in time (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9865..0.6446 .Numeric value

tBodyAccMagStd 18 Standard value of body linear acceleration magnitude
calculated using the Euclidean norm derived in time (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9865..0.4284 .Numeric value

tGravityAccMagMean 18 Mean value of gravity linear acceleration
magnitude calculated using the Euclidean norm derived in time (15
implied decimal places) -0.9865..0.6446 .Numeric value

tGravityAccMagStd 18 Standard value of gravity linear acceleration
magnitude calculated using the Euclidean norm derived in time (15
implied decimal places) -0.9865..0.4284 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkMagMean 18 Mean value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9928..0.4345 .Numeric value

tBodyAccJerkMagStd 18 Standard value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body linear acceleration derived in time (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9946..0.4506 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroMagMean 18 Mean value of body gyroscope magnitude derived in
time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9807..0.4180 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroMagStd 18 Standard value of body gyroscope magnitude derived in
time (15 implied decimal places) -0.9814..0.3000 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkMagMean 18 Mean value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.99732..0.08758 .Numeric value

tBodyGyroJerkMagStd 18 Standard value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body gyroscope derived in time (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9977..0.2502 .Numeric value

fBodyAccMean-X 18 Mean value of X axis for body linear acceleration
frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9952..0.5370 .Numeric value

fBodyAccMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis for body linear acceleration
frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal
places) -0.98903..0.52419 .Numeric value

fBodyAccMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis for body linear acceleration
frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9895..0.2807 .Numeric value

fBodyAccStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis for body linear acceleration
frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9966..0.6585 .Numeric value

fBodyAccStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis for body linear acceleration
frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal
places) -0.99068..0.56019 .Numeric value

fBodyAccStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis for body linear acceleration
frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal
places) -0.9872..0.6871 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkMean-X 18 Mean value of X axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform)
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9946..0.4743 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform)
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9894..0.2767 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform)
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9920..0.1578 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform)
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9951..0.4768 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform)
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9905..0.3498 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis Jerk signals obtained from
body linear acceleration frequency (by applying Fast Fourier Transform)
(15 implied decimal places) -0.993108..-0.006236 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroMean-X 18 Mean value of X axis body gyroscope frequency (by
applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9931..0.4750 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroMean-Y 18 Mean value of Y axis body gyroscope frequency (by
applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9940..0.3288 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroMean-Z 18 Mean value of Z axis body gyroscope frequency (by
applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9860..0.4924 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroStd-X 18 Standard value of X axis body gyroscope frequency (by
applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9947..0.1966 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroStd-Y 18 Standard value of Y axis body gyroscope frequency (by
applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9944..0.6462 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroStd-Z 18 Standard value of Z axis body gyroscope frequency (by
applying Fast Fourier Transform) (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9867..0.5225 .Numeric value

fBodyAccMagMean 18 Mean value of body linear acceleration frequency
magnitude calculated using the Euclidean norm and applying Fast Fourier
Transform (15 implied decimal places) -0.9868..0.5866 .Numeric value

fBodyAccMagStd 18 Standard value of body linear acceleration frequency
magnitude calculated using the Euclidean norm and applying Fast Fourier
Transform (15 implied decimal places) -0.9876..0.1787 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkMagMean 18 Mean value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body linear acceleration frequency calculated using the Euclidean
norm and applying Fast Fourier Transform (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9940..0.5384 .Numeric value

fBodyAccJerkMagStd 18 Standard value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body linear acceleration frequency calculated using the Euclidean
norm and applying Fast Fourier Transform (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9944..0.3163 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroMagMean 18 Mean value of body gyroscope frequency magnitude
calculated using the Euclidean norm and applying Fast Fourier Transform
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9865..0.2040 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroMagStd 18 Standard value of body gyroscope frequency magnitude
calculated using the Euclidean norm and applying Fast Fourier Transform
(15 implied decimal places) -0.9815..0.2367 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroJerkMagMean 18 Mean value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body gyroscope frequency calculated using the Euclidean norm and
applying Fast Fourier Transform (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9976..0.1466 .Numeric value

fBodyGyroJerkMagStd 18 Standard value of Jerk signals magnitude obtained
from body gyroscope frequency calculated using the Euclidean norm and
applying Fast Fourier Transform (15 implied decimal places)
-0.9976..0.2878 .Numeric value

```

